(gentle piano music)
- [Hachi] It happened a
month after moving to Tokyo.
My run of good luck,
(ominous music)
came crashing to a halt.
(upbeat music)
(upbeat music fading)
(table bangs)
- I'm totally broke.
- Why are you surprised?
- Huh?
(Nana blowing smoke)
I don't get it.
I worked so hard to save
up before coming here
and now I'm down to 2,228 yen!
- That's what happens
when you spend your money,
it disappears.
You're total shopaholic,
buying all kinds of clothes
and every stupid piece
of furniture you see.
- But Mr. Mizukoshi gives me
a deal on stuff in the store.
(coins jingling)
And instead of letting me
pay for the clothes,
he's just deducting them
from my paycheck.
- So now you have a pile of
clothes
but no paycheck to
cover your living costs.
(lightning crashing)
- I know, isn't it horrible?
Do you think I got ripped off by
it?
- It's your own stupid fault!
- Oh, okay. What about
your situation, Nana?
How come you've got
enough money to live on
when you don't even have a
steady job?
- Well, the difference between
you and me
is that I don't spend money.
- Thank goodness.
- I'm not gonna bail you out.
- I wasn't expecting you to do
that.
- Okay, then what did you mean?
- Well, wouldn't it be a
bummer if we were both broke?
- I don't want you depending
on me.
When we moved in here,
we agreed to split the
rent and bills fifty-fifty.
If you can't pay your share
by the end of the month,
then I'm throwing you out.
(Hachi gasping)
(ominous music)
- Bitch.
- Huh?
- You wouldn't care if I was
homeless and starving to death!
- Whatever, drama queen.
(latch squeaking)
(Hachi gasps)
- Don't leave me to die all
alone!
- Let go, I'll be late for work.
- You're going work?
Where are you working this late
at night.
An S&M club?
- That's really none of your
business.
(clothes
rustling)
Have a good night sleeping with
the ghost.
(ominous music)
- No!
(ghostly music)
(ominous music continues)
This is no time to be afraid of
ghosts.
When my real problem is money.
I've got two weeks till my next
paycheck.
(ghostly music)
(ominous music continues)
The question is, can I survive
until then?
On 2000 yen? What am I gonna do?
This is freaking me out!
(suspenseful music)
Having no money is really scary!
(table bangs)
I didn't move to Tokyo
to suffer like this.
That wasn't the plan.
- If that wasn't the plan,
then why did you move here?
(Kyosuke blowing smoke)
- To make it on my own?
- Then you have to figure
it out on your own.
- Yeah, but how?
- That's not my problem.
- I can't be a dominatrix,
I don't know how!
- Dominatrix?
(Hachi sobbing)
- Why don't you just talk to
Shoji,
and sponge off him for
the rest of the night.
- No way, I can't let
him see me like this.
He'll get so sick of me,
won't wanna be with me anymore.
And now he's so busy with school
and work.
I can't just show up in
the middle of the night.
He'd hate me even more for
bothering him. (sobbing)
- But it's okay to bother us?
- It's all right, Nana, I got
it.
Here's some cash to get you
through to the end of the month.
(magical music)
(Hachi gasps)
- Kyosuke! We don't have
that kind of money to spare.
- Oh, come on. I'm not giving
it to her.
It's just a loan.
- Right? You don't know
her like I do.
Give Nana cash, and it's
gonna be spent within a day.
- Why are you so mean?
(table bangs)
- Huh? What's that?
- It's rice.
I got it from my parents
and I'll share it with you.
This'll keep you from starving
till the end of the month.
(ominous music)
- No way!
(voice echoing)
What am I gonna have with that
rice?
(comical music)
All right. I can deal with this.
Payday is on the 26th.
As long as I don't buy
anything from the store,
I'll have 70,000 yen.
But then there's my cell
phone bill, which is 10,000.
So that leaves me with 60,000.
60,000 should be enough to
cover my half of the rent
and the bills.
I guess I'll survive.
But just barely.
Then what's gonna happen next
month.
Now, instead of being
terrified, I'm just depressed.
- Hey Nana, you can go for your
lunch break now if you want.
- Oh, that's okay.
I'm gonna be skipping lunch for
a while.
- Oh? Why's that?
- Well, I decided it was
time for me to go on a diet.
(Mizukoshi laughs)
Huh?
- I was wondering why you
weren't your usual bubbly self.
(Hachi laughs)
You're hilarious, Hachi.
I guess it's not the best
time to ask you out to eat
if you're on a diet.
- Huh?
- Which is too bad,
'cause I was gonna take
you out to dinner tonight.
(bright music)
- Yay! I get to eat!
(Hachi nervously laughs)
(Mizukoshi laughs)
(Mizukoshi tapping)
- I take it, that's a
yes? What do you say?
We close the store early today.
(chuckles)
Start thinking about where you
want to go.
- Oh well, it's okay, right?
(magical music)
I mean it's only dinner.
He's just being a
friendly boss. That's all.
I mean that's not really
cheating, right?
(birds chirping)
(footsteps tapping)
- [Sachiko] Where'd you been?
I've been waiting forever.
- [Shoji] Yeah. Sorry about
that.
- Hmm?
- So how about next Sunday?
- I think I can make it. Yeah.
- Great! Oh, by the way, you
know what happened yesterday?
- Hmm? What?
What are you saying?
- Hmm?
- [Shoji] That's crazy.
- No, I'm serious. It's true.
(Shoji laughing)
- You need to be more careful
how you choose your friends.
- [Sachiko] Yeah. Well, she's
always been a nice girl.
- [Shoji] Are you kidding me?
(footsteps tapping)
(book thumps)
- Ow.
- Yo.
- Ah...
- Huh?
(whimsical music)
- [Kyosuke] So that's how it is.
- I know, it's a crazy
coincidence. Huh?
- You work at the same
restaurant,
you go to the same school,
you even got the same major.
I bet you two get along great.
- Yeah,
but Sachiko passed the
entrance exam on her first try.
So she's a couple years younger.
- Sachiko?
- Yeah.
She keeps wanting to hang out
with me and stuff like that.
It'd be rude to say no.
- You know,
she's definitely the type
of girl you normally go for.
Kind of petite and pale.
Whatever, stuff happens.
- Hey, it's not like that
between us.
- Right. Good for you for
having the self control.
Uh-oh, here she comes.
(footsteps tapping)
- Hey, coffee okay for you,
Shoji?
- Sure. Thanks.
- Mr. Kyosuke, which one
of these do you want?
- Just call me Kyosuke, Sachiko.
(Sachiko giggles)
(can tabs clicking)
- [Kyosuke] (sighs) She's
seriously bad news, man.
- Hmm?
- Well, to be perfectly honest,
the type of girl I usually go
for is a giant tanned woman.
You know, just like you.
- Well, excuse me for being
real.
- But even I think she's cute
and could probably go for.
This is definitely bad.
(snare drum beating)
(low drum beats)
(upbeat drum music)
(cymbal clinks)
- Hmm.
- [Shin] That was awesome.
- Shin. I didn't hear you come
in.
- If you play drums too, that is
so cool.
- I can't really play.
(drumsticks clacking)
- But I just heard you.
- What you heard is
pretty much all I can do.
- But it was really good.
When did you learn to play?
- Before I moved to
Tokyo, I was in a band.
I just picked it up for fun.
- Oh, from Yasu?
- How do you know about Yasu?
- When Nobu's had too much to
drink,
he's always going on about him.
Like last night,
he kept saying how much he
missed him
and wished he was here.
- So you crashed at
Nobu's again last night?
And aren't those his clothes?
- Nobu's at work right now.
So he's gonna be a little late.
(footsteps tapping)
- Shin, shouldn't you go home
sometime.
Aren't your parents gonna worry
about you?
(bag thuds)
- I doubt it.
- Really? Well, whatever then.
(lighter clinks)
(somber piano music)
- You're different from
everyone else, Nana.
Usually people try to
reassure me with stuff like,
"Of course they're worried
about you."
- Well, I know.
There are parents who don't
really care about their kids.
(Nana blows smoke)
- Still in junior high?
The kid who came by the store
and saw the ad for the band?
Didn't he tell you he was 18.
- Yeah, but turns out he's
really 15.
Nana got suspicious
and dragged it out of him.
He didn't think they let
him join the band
if they knew he was still
so young.
I guess he should probably
be going to high school soon.
But I don't know if he
even goes to school.
- Yeah? Maybe he skipped
his exams.
- [Hachi] Hmm. I really
don't know.
He doesn't talk about that
kind of stuff.
- I'm sure he has his
reasons.
- Yeah, well, anyway,
I get the feeling he doesn't go
home much,
which makes me worry about him.
And I bet his parents
are really worried too,
not knowing where he is.
- Yeah, you're probably right.
- And we still haven't found
anyone who can be our drummer.
It's tough, you know?
It feels like we're running out
of luck.
- I thought you said
there was a guy who tried out,
what happened to him?
- Nana didn't like him and
threw him out of the studio.
It's a shame
'cause all the other guys
said he was pretty good.
(Mizukoshi gulping)
(glass clanks)
- Wow. Sounds like she must
have some pretty high standards.
Huh?
- Maybe.
(magical music)
But I think it's 'cause she's
secretly in love with Yasu.
And that's why she doesn't
want any other drummers
in the band.
- And who's Yasu?
- The drummer from their band
back home.
He's a skinhead lawyer.
He's totally Nana's type.
- (laughs) Sounds like
they make a great couple.
- [Hachi] Mr. Mizukoshi,
can I get the beef and potatoes
as well?
- [Mizukoshi] Yeah. Yeah, sure.
(heels tapping)
- Oh boy. I'm so full.
This is true happiness.
- (laughs) I'm glad you liked
it.
I wasn't sure what you'd think
about
going to a pub for a meal.
- You kidding? I love pubs.
They're cool. Thank you so much
for...
(Hachi grunts)
(body crashes)
- Nana, you okay?
(birds chirping)
Oh, are you alright?
- (chuckles) I think I might
have had
a little bit too much to drink.
I'm such an idiot.
- Hmm.
(romantic music)
- Uh-oh.
Well, I better get going!
- Don't go yet Nana, wait!
(hand snaps)
(Hachi gasps)
Nana. I had a reason for taking
you out to dinner tonight.
There's something I need to tell
you.
- Not so fast.
- I wasn't sure when would
be a good time.
I know this will come
as a surprise
and I'm sorry that I
didn't have the courage to
bring the subject up any sooner.
- This isn't good.
- I know that what I have to say
is gonna be hard for
you to hear.
- I'm not ready for this,
Mr. Mizukoshi.
- You see?
(footsteps tapping)
(car engine revving)
I wasn't sure when would be a
good time.
I know this'll come as a
surprise
and I'm sorry that I
didn't have the courage to
bring the subject up any sooner.
- This isn't good.
- I know that what I have to say
is gonna be hard for you to
hear.
- I'm not ready for this,
Mr. Mizukoshi.
- You see, Nana.
I'm gonna have to close the
store.
(petals whizzing)
(romantic music stops)
I'm so sorry.
Business isn't going well.
(suspenseful music)
(ominous piano music)
(Hachi gasping)
(pedestrian signal clicking)
- It's really sad!
(train ringing)
(Shoji grunts)
(Sachiko panting)
(Both panting)
(footsteps tapping)
(Sachiko gasps)
- [Sachiko] Oh, my shoe! Shoji!
- [Shoji] Huh?
- Go on without me. I lost my
shoe!
- But...
(heels tapping)
(doors whooshing)
(Sachiko sighs)
(Sachiko gasps)
(train rumbling)
(ominous piano music fading)
- You knew we were gonna
have to run
to catch the last train.
So why'd you wear shoes like
that?
- I did it on purpose.
- Hmm!?
(cell phone ringing)
Oh?
(Shoji sighs)
(cell phone beeps)
Hello?
- Shoji! (sobbing)
Please help me. (bawling)
(tires screeching)
(door rattles)
(heel taps)
- Here, for the cab.
- No that's okay. It was
on my way home anyway.
- But if it wasn't for me,
you wouldn't have missed the
last train.
- Honestly. It's no problem.
- Hmm.
(blinkers clicking)
(somber piano music)
Shoji, that phone call you got,
was from your girlfriend, right?
- Mm...
(paper money rustles)
I can't accept favors from
guys who have girlfriends.
Good night, Shoji.
(heel taps)
(door thuds)
(car engine revving)
(paper money rustles)
- [Shoji] That's it. That's
all I've got to my name.
- But how can you be so
broke when you work so much?
You really are spending it all
on Sachiko!
- No, I'm not!
I've been saving up so
I could buy that!
(Hachi gasps)
- A new computer? Oh wow.
- Pretty sweet, huh?
I mean, I am starting to be
a kick-ass graphic designer.
- Bet we could get a good price
for this.
(table thumps)
- No way, man!
- What am I gonna eat for
dinner tomorrow?
I've got
nothing! (table thumps)
- Here. You can have
some of these.
Homemade pickled plums
from my grandma.
- Shoji, you're such a jerk!
You suck!
And so I was out of a job,
and had no idea what
I was gonna do.
I seriously thought I
was gonna end up homeless
starving to death on the street.
(ATM announcing in Japanese)
(Hachi gasps)
- 300,000!?
- Wow, Mizukoshi must have
deposited 300,000 in my account
to severance pay.
- Are you sure it's not just
30,000 yen?
If he was paying you to
the end of the month,
that would sound about right.
- Maybe it's so much 'cause
he's trying to pay me off.
- So you did do it with him.
- No, I did not!
- You big liar!
You must have,
or else why would he
give you that much money?
- But I didn't. I swear!
If you must know,
Mr. Mizukoshi's moving back to
the boonies
to marry his childhood
sweetheart.
Which sucks, 'cause I really
liked him.
- You idiot.
- What?
- Mizukoshi's not the one
who put all that money
in your account.
Take another look.
(heels tapping)
- Natsuko Komatsu? That's
my mom.
(gentle piano music)
- Looks like you got
a long way to go
before becoming an
independent woman.
- What?
But I never said a word to my
parents about me being broke.
I was scared they'd make me move
back home
if they knew I was in trouble.
How on earth did she know?
Must of been mother's intuition.
(sobbing)
Okay, then! I think we need to
celebrate.
(whimsical music)
So how about I make us some
sukiyaki for dinner tonight?
- What?
(comical music)
- When I lived at home,
mom made sukiyaki when
we had a celebration.
Let's go back to the store
and get what we need.
- You're crazy. You just lost
your job.
What is there to celebrate?
- The fact that I've got a lot
of money.
- Are you totally insane?
Think about what you're doing.
We're gonna eat exactly
what we plan to eat. Natto!
And until you get another
job, no luxuries for you.
(crows cawing)
- [Hachi] No fair!
(footsteps tapping)
- Now that we're home,
shouldn't you call your
mom and say thank you.
- Yeah. I'll call her later.
- Oh, I see.
You don't wanna call,
'cause you're afraid you'll
start crying
when you hear mommy's voice.
- No! Well maybe I do get a
little homesick sometimes.
Don't you ever feel that way?
- Nope.
It's hard to get homesick
when you don't have a home.
(Nana gasps)
- What's up with you.
You don't always have to try
and act cool around me. Huh?
(Hachi gasps)
(Yasu blows smoke)
(Hachi gasping)
(footsteps tapping)
(grocery thuds)
(heels tapping)
- Looks like tonight might be
a sukiyaki night after all.
(footsteps tapping)
(clothe rustles)
- Yasu, we need you.
Blast isn't the
same without you.
- Yeah. I've been too
worried to sleep.
(gentle music)
There are lots of law
firms right here in Tokyo.
(Nana sobbing)
(rock music)
(rock music fading)
- [Hachi] So Nana,
(gentle music)
do you still feel like
you don't have a home?
The dining room table and chairs
that you made for us
are still here.
And just like the good old days.